Add tutorials and quickstart page (#4315)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/docs/tutorial/type-inference.rst

Reviewer: I'd fold this page in to the "Basic strategies" page discussed in "writing strategies".

.. note::

    This type inference uses |st.from_type|. See the |st.from_type| and |st.register_type_strategy| documentation for how to control type inference in Hypothesis.

.. code-block:: python

    class MyClass:
        def __init__(self, a: int, *, b: float):
            self.a = a
            self.b = b

    @given(st.builds(MyClass))
    def test_my_class(obj):
        assert isinstance(obj, MyClass)
        assert isinstance(obj.a, int)
        assert isinstance(obj.b, float)

You can still override the automatic inference if you want. For instance, we can change the ``b`` parameter to only generate positive floats, while still leaving ``a`` inferred:

.. code-block:: python

    class MyClass:
        def __init__(self, a: int, *, b: float):
            self.a = a
            self.b = b

    # changed
    @given(st.builds(MyClass, b=st.floats(min_value=0.0)))
    def test_my_class(obj):
        assert isinstance(obj, MyClass)
        assert isinstance(obj.a, int)
        assert isinstance(obj.b, float)
        # added
        assert obj.b > 0.0

> This type inference also works for |dataclasses| and :pypi:`attrs` classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type inference works for any callable which uses standard type annotations - including |dataclasses|, :pypi:`attrs` classes, most :pypi:`Pydantic` models, and so on.
```
